User 2: Oh, I'm really stressed about my group project. It feels like I'm only one putting in any efforts.
User 2: Will this affect my grade? I can't afford to mess this up.
User 1: I understand this feeling. It's tough when the group dynamics are but balanced.
User 1: Have you tried setting up a meeting to discuss everyone's responsibility. Clearly, sometimes communication can really help align the efforts.
User 2: Who had meetings. But it's always the same, they said. They'll contribute more, but nothing changes so frustrating and unfair.
User 1: Oh, that does sounds frustrating. Maybe it's time to approach this differently. How about dividing the test based on each member's strands? It can motivate them, to participate more actively.
User 2: I guess I haven't really considered these their strengths. I've been too caught up
User 2: just getting things done. But what if it doesn't work either?
User 1: It's worse or tries. And it might just change the dynamic plus if you document this offers, you can discuss with them with your professor. And if the problem persists, and Professor can be very understanding about this situations.
User 2: That's a good point. Maybe if I show I've made every effort to manage this positively, it could reflect well on me. I haven't thought about taking the Professor like that.
User 1: Yeah, exactly. Showing initiative can only reflect positively on you. And also consider this as a learning opportunity in leadership and problem solving developable skills in any career.
User 2: You're right. Maybe this is a chance to develop my leadership skills.
User 2: I would try to view this as a challenge rather than a setback.
User 1: Yeah, that's the spirit. Take it as a challenge, and whatever the outcome, you will have gained something valuable. And remember, I'm here to help brainstorm or practice, and the difficult conversation you might need to have with your group.
User 2: Oh, thank you for the advice and support. I feel better about handling this now.
User 2: I will start by proposing a new plan based on everyone's friends, and see how it goes.
User 1: You're welcome. With a proactive approach, you're sure to see more positive changes can be updated, and don't hesitate to reach out. If you need any more help.